This course consists of four modules:
Introduction and Regression, Classification, Clustering, and the Final Project.
Each module comprises videos with hands-on labs to apply what I have learned.
The hands-on labs use Jupyter Lab, which is hosted on Skills Network Labs and uses the Python programming language and various Python libraries like Pandas, Numpy, and Scikit-Learn. 
have explore different machine learning algorithms in this course and work with a variety of data sets to help me apply machine learning.
With linear regression, I work with an automobile data set to estimate the CO2 emission of cars using various features,and then predict the CO2 emissions of cars that haven’t even been produced yet.
In regression trees, I have worked with real estate data to predict the price of houses. 
In logistic regression, I have worked with customer data for telecommunication companies and see how machine learning is used to predict customer loyalty.
With K-nearest neighbors I have used telecommunication customer data to classify customers.
For support vector machines, I have classified human cell samples as benign or malignant. 
In multiclass prediction, I have worked with the popular iris data set to classify types of flowers.
With decision trees, you will build a model to determine which drugs to prescribe to patients. 
And finally, with K-means, I have learned to segment a customer data set into groups of individuals with similar characteristics.
In the last module, I have complete the final project where I have used many of the classification algorithms to predict rain in Australia.
After completing this course, you will be able to explain, compare, and contrast various machine learning topics and 
concepts like supervised learning, unsupervised learning, classification, regression, and clustering. You will also be able to describe how the various machine learning algorithms work. 
And finally, I have learn how to apply these machine learning algorithms in Python using various Python libraries.
